README.md, before:

# ENG4701/FIT4701 FYP 2025
AI-Driven Sentiment Analysis for Public Perception of Emerging Technologies

## Automated YouTube comment scraping using Selenium

### Steps to reproduce

Ensure that your chrome version and the chrome driver version is updated to the latest version as mentioned here.

https://googlechromelabs.github.io/chrome-for-testing/#stable

For the context of this project, we are assuming a 64-bit Windows version for the execution platform. You are required to download the zip then extract the folder as-is from the zip file in order to replace the current version in the event that this version is out-of-date.

cd .\chrome-extension-files\

Similarly git pull the YCS continued extension within the chrome-extension-files folder for extension accessibility

git pull https://github.com/pc035860/YCS-cont --allow-unrelated-histories

Then return to current project directory

cd ..

Create the virtual environment, activate it and install selenium which is a required dependency

python -m venv .venv

.venv\Scripts\activate

pip install selenium

Then run the Automated Selenium Processing script in order to process YouTube videos and output processed JSON files accordingly.

python Automated_Selenium_Processing.py

Commit message:

Update readme in order to pull external repository

README.md, after:

# ENG4701/FIT4701 FYP 2025
AI-Driven Sentiment Analysis for Public Perception of Emerging Technologies

## Automated YouTube comment scraping using Selenium

### Steps to reproduce

#### Ensure that your chrome version and the chrome driver version is updated to the latest version as mentioned here.

https://googlechromelabs.github.io/chrome-for-testing/#stable

#### For the context of this project, we are assuming a 64-bit Windows version for the execution platform. You are required to download the zip then extract the folder as-is from the zip file in order to replace the current version in the event that this version is out-of-date.

cd .\chrome-extension-files\

#### Similarly git pull the YCS continued extension within the chrome-extension-files folder for extension accessibility

#### retrieve the chrome extension from their GitHub repository
git remote add ycs https://github.com/pc035860/YCS-cont.git
git fetch ycs

#### Then pull the 'main' branch as a subtree as "chrome-extension-files"
git subtree add --prefix=chrome-extension-files ycs main --squash

#### Then pull the current 'main' branch as a subtree under the existing project root folder
git subtree pull --prefix=chrome-extension-files ycs main --squash

#### Then return to current project directory

cd ..

#### Create the virtual environment, activate it and install selenium which is a required dependency

python -m venv .venv

.venv\Scripts\activate

pip install selenium

#### Then, run the Automated Selenium Processing script in order to process YouTube videos and output processed JSON files accordingly.

python Automated_Selenium_Processing.py
